Moderator: Okay, I've started recording. So I just wanna confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen audio as we talk today.
P24: Yes.
Moderator: And are you comfortable if we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion to share with our Va partners removing any identifying information.
Moderator: Thank you so much. So before we take a look at that form, I was referencing. I have a few questions for you, so can you confirm? I think my
Moderator: okay
Moderator: are. Have you ever applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P24: No.
Moderator: You know of. No. Okay. Have you heard of that program before?
P24: A little bit when I was doing research I went through, but I'm not real familiar with it, though.
Moderator: Okay, have you ever interacted with the Va. For other family member benefits.
P24: The only the only thing that I did was put in for a form for spousal.
P24: Stipend
P24: that that was it.
P24: My, my kids are all older.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay?
Moderator: So could you explain to you and to me in your own words what you think it means to have a caregiver.
P24: Well, it's it's gonna be somebody that helps you with your day to day process.
P24: My wife does that. Now I there's no way that I could handle my medications.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: I I thought I took them last night, and then she comes out of bedtime. Tells me I didn't take my medication, so I mean stuff like that.
P24: driving.
P24: I will drive myself to short distances. But I don't drive any distance anymore, because I just don't trust myself.
P24: Okay.
P24: It's just help with things. It isn't that it?
P24: I can't.
P24: I can't do things, but I can't do things well.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so what would be your preferred method to learn more about a caregiver program and benefits that your family members may qualify for how do you like to find that kind of information.
P24: Well, I'm I'm 76. My my wife
P24: is getting of an age where it's hard for her to do things too.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: So I mean,
P24: the kids are good about things if we need some. But I mean they're just not here every day, and we wouldn't want to burden them with that, anyway.
P24: I don't think it's anything, Major. I my granddaughter's over here today.
P24: She's she's she's 1. She had ear tubes put in, so
P24: we were dealt. We were delegated to
P24: caregiver for her today.
Moderator: Oh!
Moderator: Oh, that sounds fun!
P24: Well, sometimes.
Moderator: Yes, exactly.
P24: They tire out even when they're good.
Moderator: Yeah, that's true.
P24: What's see grading?
P24: She's my scorchy papa, of course.
P24: Oh, yeah.
Moderator: So if you were going to complete a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one we are going to go through together today. What information do you think you would want before completing a form like that?
P24: Well.
P24: I'm sure there's limits and guidelines to everything. I'd have to know what the guidelines were. The requirements.
P24: Right right now. I read it at 90%
P24: disability. And I have memory and concentration issues.
P24: So I've
P24: I don't know. I do things twice sometimes. I don't do them at all. So
P24: it's basically just guidance. It isn't that I
P24: I could dress myself and
P24: pay myself and
P24: meals. Almost meals are all quick fix. We go out and buy. You know. We go somewhere.
P24: So I don't really anybody to prep meals. But just to
P24: day to day, make sure the day to day things are done and
P24: follow up I put. I put everything into a calendar.
P24: It's like your meeting here. I put everything into a calendar, and then I have an alarm to me.
P24: otherwise I'd forget about it.
P24: So
P24: I have went through the
P24: speech therapist they went through the memory thing, and it was
P24: well they told me I was doing some of the stuff, but they told me a few other things that
P24: wife and I coordinate so that we we write it down or put it in the phones. Everything's put in the calendar.
P24: If not.
P24: start up, there's no way I can manage it.
Moderator: Gotcha.
Moderator: Okay, so thank you so much for sharing that background. We're gonna change gears a bit now, and I'm going to share a link to the testing site.
Moderator: I'm going to put it in the Zoom chat and let me know if you need any help finding that.
Moderator: Do you see that link in the chat.
P24: Hello!
P24: And
P24: no.
Moderator: No, you don't see it.
P24: No.
Moderator: There should be a a toolbar on the bottom. If you're on like a laptop or a desktop, there should be a toolbar on the bottom of the zoom window.
Moderator: That's then there's a button that says Chat, and it should have like a little notification that I sent something in there.
Moderator: That toolbar.
P24: No toolbar because I found my phone.
Moderator: Oh, okay.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: Let me see.
P24: Yeah, put your pop down.
Moderator: If you're on your phone you may have to tap.
P24: Oh, there, there it is, it come back. I went over. And okay, which one you want me to hit the.
Moderator: The chat.
P24: Okay.
P24: Okay. It says, to apply for the program.
P24: Comprehensive assistance. Okay.
Moderator: Yes, perfect. So now I need you to try to share your screen with me in zoom. So you want to go back to the zoom app where you can see me.
Moderator: and then you want that toolbar again, and there will be a green button that says, share.
P24: Well.
Moderator: You see that share button.
P24: No, no, we're closed. No.
P24: says Moderation.
P24: It's 2,
P24: 5, 4,
P24: hey?
Moderator: So you wanna go back to the zoom window, your phone.
Moderator: Do you have the zoom app.
P24: Yes, I'm talking to you. I can see you right now.
Moderator: Okay. So you wanna tap so that that toolbar comes up again.
P24: Cool.
P24: Okay.
Moderator: For a green button that says, share.
P24: No green button.
Moderator: You don't see the green button. Nope.
P24: It says, participants chat reactions.
P24: There's some that shallows. There's AI.
Moderator: There might be. You may have to press like the dots that say mower to get it to show up.
Moderator: Do you see that.
P24: Yeah.
P24: it says, meeting settings, background effects, disconnect audio.
P24: We see meeting settings.
P24: No, I don't wanna be in there.
Moderator: Now it should be.
Moderator: should just be a main menu. Item.
P24: So it says, participants, chat reactions
P24: share.
Moderator: That one.
P24: Yeah, share.
Moderator: Yep.
P24: Screen!
P24: Gee!
Moderator: What are you seeing now?
P24: Like a.
Moderator: Did you press the share screen.
P24: Yes, it keeps.
P24: yes. The screen photos, icloud drive website.
Moderator: Do the website? One.
P24: Okay.
P24: And it says, I need
P24: input. URL, here.
Moderator: Oh, no. So I want you to share the screen where this link is open that I shared with you.
Moderator: So I think if you hit, share it should give you a bunch of options of what you want to share.
P24: Screen says, screen photos, icon drive website.
Moderator: What screen.
P24: It, said. Zoom screen broadcast.
Moderator: Yep.
P24: Start broadcast.
P24: Not available when airplay carplay restrictions are screened.
Moderator: Are you in the car?
P24: Pardon.
P24: No, I'm gonna
P24: I'm in a room in the house.
Moderator: That's weird.
P24: Okay.
P24: Well, I had.
P24: I had the page, but I can't. I can't get both of them on the screen.
Moderator: What what did it say when you tried to share your screen?
P24: It's a screen photos, Icloud drive website, U-URL.
Moderator: And then when you select screen.
P24: Right, and when I do that it comes up, everything on your screen, including notifications, will be recorded.
P24: enable enable do not disturb, to
P24: prevent unexpected notifications screen broadcast, and then it's got zoom with a check mark next to it.
P24: and it says, Start broadcast.
Moderator: Okay? And then what happens if you tap, start broadcast.
P24: It says, screen broadcast, not available airplay, carplay restrictions or screen monitoring is active.
P24: I don't have any of that active. I know of.
Moderator: It might be that you don't have your
Moderator: settings so that zoom can access your screen.
Moderator: but it's weird that it's not just taking you there directly.
Moderator: let's see.
Moderator: are you on an android or an iphone?
P24: Iphone.
Moderator: Okay, so do you know how to get to the settings on your phone?
P24: Yep.
Moderator: So you want to go to the settings and then scroll all the way down to the zoom app.
Moderator: which is, gonna be the last one.
Moderator: You see that.
P24: No, I do not.
Moderator: Yeah.
P24: Your cellular, and choose.
Moderator: Hmm!
Moderator: Do you know, if you have the zoom app downloaded, or you're just joining from a.
P24: Yes, I unloaded it this morning.
Moderator: Okay, but you don't see it in the settings.
Moderator: Nope.
Moderator: hmm.
P24: Wait. Yeah, I do, too. It's down here at the bottom. It's underneath your picture.
P24: Hold on a minute. Okay.
P24: It's got
P24: microphone assigned.
P24: Live activities for Ryan
P24: notifications are off.
Moderator: Does it say camera.
P24: And
P24: Nope, just microphone.
P24: says background app refresh.
P24: But it looks like that's from something else.
Moderator: Did does it have a camera option?
P24: No.
P24: it does have your picture up right now. I've get your pictures up along with the in my settings.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: it's
Moderator: in mine. It has like a.
Moderator: it has a camera
Moderator: toggle.
Moderator: And I'm thinking that's what's not on.
Moderator: Nope.
P24: Everything's on, but the notifications are off.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Alright, I'm thinking that we may just have to kind of do a backup plan. And I'll share my screen.
Moderator: And
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: okay, so I'm going to open the link.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: Oh, that's not what I wanted to share.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: do you see my screen? Now?
P24: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, it says, apply for the program of blah blah.
Moderator: Okay, do you? Can you see it? Okay? Is it zoomed in.
P24: Yeah, it's fine.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so I just want you to kind of read through this page. And I want to get your
Moderator: thoughts and reactions to it. And
Moderator: what your expectations would be of the form before going ahead and applying, so I will try to scroll at a natural rate. But let me know if you want me to speed up or slow down.
P24: Okay, stop for a minute, please.
P24: Okay, scroll, please.
P24: Yeah. There's nothing.
P24: There's so far.
P24: Okay.
P24: okay, we're already down to the bottom. I think.
Moderator: Yep.
Moderator: So what are your thoughts about this page?
P24: I don't know. I'm a
P24: I'm kind of a guy I
P24: I like to set up like a
P24: like an outline.
P24: I'm not worried about full sentences.
P24: it's fine. It looks like the the information that they're asking for.
P24: you know, was needed.
P24: Page is kind of busy.
Moderator: Okay, is there anything you feel is unnecessary? Then.
P24: Without, without
P24: without having it right in front of me, and studying it.
P24: I do like, listed Scroll down just a little bit.
P24: Okay. Hold still
P24: down further
P24: where it was it was listed as there's like a
P24: an exclamation.in front of it
P24: that I like.
P24: because you can say, Boom! Boom, boom! This is what I need
P24: when you're gathering information.
Moderator: Is, that number 2.
P24: Yes, I like that social security. You need the social security number
P24: need date of birth, address, phone number, boom, boom, boom.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: And I get if
P24: then there's a
P24: another line there says we're good a link that says it.
P24: Learn more about the doc which you
P24: can submit.
P24: I guess I don't understand for that. It
P24: if
P24: my issue just kicked in there, I'd lost
P24: what I was saying.
P24: Good.
Moderator: What would you be curious about with the documents.
P24: I'm in favor of the kiss rule. Keep a simple stupid.
P24: So
P24: answer the 5 w's
P24: You need the 5 w's for
P24: both sides.
P24: and then just make it short and sweet. I myself.
P24: I
P24: I taught fire schools for a while for New York State Fire
P24: Fire Academy.
P24: and when I would do my lesson plans I would always
P24: but like bullet points
P24: and the main stuff that I wanted, and if I needed.
P24: if I had to expunge on it. I would use as few words as possible to explain what
P24: I was talking about, so that you could get the point across, but not
P24: overload it with it.
P24: And
P24: I'm sorry
P24: I've
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: with, like, you're saying you would put kind of like bullets and not overload with too much information.
P24: Right? Like, I'm looking at right here as a bullet points the social security number
P24: on a tax identification or tax identification. That's boom to the point.
P24: That's what you need.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: Date of birth address, phone number. Boom, boom.
P24: Okay.
P24: I would, I would assume with a caregiver there would be some kind of
P24: means test
P24: to see whether you even needed it.
P24: And and
P24: if there's some kind of criteria for whatever
P24: the caregiver needs to meet
P24: that standard, you know, just
P24: explicit in general.
P24: and.
Moderator: Yeah, okay, thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: If you were going to rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best. How prepared would you feel about the application you're about to begin based on this page's content.
P24: I would say about a 7. I mean, it's not
P24: bad.
Moderator: A 7 out of 10.
P24: Yeah, it's
P24: it's not bad. But I I like like the one and the 2.
P24: But I I like the bullet points.
P24: There's some of this stuff. There's no read for an explanation for it. It's just.
P24: you know, it's gonna take 15 min maybe mention that once at the beginning. And
P24: who cares? It takes as long as it takes.
P24: It's already enrolled.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you for that. So I'm gonna start the application
Moderator: we're going to. So you are the veteran right?
P24: Yes.
Moderator: I'm just gonna enter kind of fakeish information.
Moderator: Let's put mine.
Moderator: I need a snuffix.
Moderator: Let me know any thoughts that you're having as I'm going through, you know, if you were being asked to fill out this information.
P24: Dropboxes. I like dropboxes
P24: users
P24: that it's gotta help on your end, too, because it standardizes.
Moderator: How would you feel about putting your social security number in here which I'm not gonna actually ask you for? I'm just curious.
P24: That would be fine. It would be,
P24: yeah, when you go in there. Yeah, I like that right there.
Moderator: What do you like about it?
P24: It flips up and puts the the
P24: the the little subbar
P24: in between the numbers.
Moderator: The dash like that.
P24: Yeah, yeah.
P24: no.
P24: I don't know what. You've got a Va veterans number 2.
P24: I don't know what that's gonna ask
P24: on the following page or not. But that's
P24: I like that. So if you go into benefits side.
P24: that if you've got that number right there, that tracks everything.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: You wouldn't need. You would need to fill all this out. You could make it so it's automatic.
P24: If you put that number in there, boom it
P24: downloads it.
Moderator: Okay, is that like a veteran Id number.
P24: Yeah.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: Well, it's a it's a benefits
P24: number if
P24: I don't have in front of me. But it's let me see, it's 3,
P24: 8
P24: saint numbers.
P24: That's everything associated with the benefit side works off that number.
P24: Every form that I put on has that number.
Moderator: Gotcha, so you would expect to enter that somewhere here.
P24: Yeah, that may be on here. You have it.
P24: If not, it should be.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: Gonna keep going.
Moderator: Just let me know any thoughts you have about it.
P24: I see, like I was like I was telling, if you had that number.
P24: all this stuff here could be preloaded.
P24: Because it's only it's unique to that number.
Moderator: Okay, what do you think about this field here?
P24: County vital.
P24: Do you need it?
P24: Mean you got to?
P24: Yeah, also cool.
P24: You get the Zip code.
P24: Provide the country
P24: for us. Address. Well, if you got a Zip code that's gonna give you the country.
P24: it's like a
P24: you already have the answer to that.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: It is a valid zip code. Oh, it put in extra numbers.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: Yeah, those are all needed.
Moderator: Any thoughts about that.
P24: I guess I that could be an automatic thing, too. If
P24: if you've got that
P24: 7,
P24: I mean, you would know what Va center. I was under.
Moderator: With the id number you were talking about.
P24: Yeah.
P24: Okay.
P24: yeah. See some of those you wouldn't need those boxes.
P24: It's like, repetitive.
Moderator: okay, so if you had to enter it yourself, what would be your preferred way to search for a facility here.
P24: Drop down box
P24: because you've got you've got the main va
P24: like it would be.
P24: you know, Durham, North Carolina.
P24: Not sure what the Zip code is
P24: okay.
Moderator: What would you select? What would you do from here?
P24: Yeah. Just
P24: push the Durham
P24: PA Medical Center, Fulton.
P24: That's it.
Moderator: Okay. Why would you select that one.
P24: Cause. That's where I'm
P24: out of.
P24: That's the Va center that
P24: as for my primary doctors, all my medical, everything medical I do there.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: What would you do if you wanted to do a new search.
P24: What would I do?
Moderator: Yeah. How would you if you were like, oh, that's not right. I wanna start a totally new search.
P24: Well.
P24: the way that I've
P24: I'm originally from upstate New York, and I lived in Georgia for a while before we moved here. So
P24: I found everything from my healthy vet site
P24: that was before they had the
P24: the
P24: PA app.
P24: I went in. I went in and did a search in the.
P24: you know, find my location. I think that was called I I can't remember what the name of it was, but
P24: it was searching locations, and the locations were in there
P24: within the dropbox.
P24: I think.
P24: Tell you truth, I think I searched it by Zip code number.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: I can't remember now.
Moderator: On a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best. How would you rate this process of selecting a facility.
P24: Well, if you've got this dropdown right. This is.
P24: this is a 5,
P24: you know, if it drops down so you don't have to
P24: see, I think right there. If I you had a Zip code and you dropped in there that would do the same thing.
P24: These are all Durham.
Moderator: Yeah.
P24: They're just. They're just they're clinics, not the one is the Va. Son, and the other are clinics.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And what does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P24: That would be the main person that
P24: takes care of my day to daily issues.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So I'm gonna go through a scenario. We are where we're adding a primary caregiver for you.
P24: Okay.
Moderator: Just let me know any reactions that you're having about the questions and the
Moderator: the form in general.
P24: Now stole it.
P24: The question I had when I want I wanted to get a stipend for my wife, for taking care of me.
P24: I'm not looking to have somebody from outside come into the house.
P24: or just did
P24: I have to have somebody take care of it? If it's not her, it would have to be somebody.
P24: But what I would be looking for is to get a stipend for her.
P24: So
P24: Whatever questions would be needed for that.
P24: you know, think
P24: she takes. She takes care of all the bills.
P24: I you know I
P24: I
P24: I don't mess around with paying anything. And
P24: the autos in my name, but everything else is pretty much in hers.
P24: So and we've done that on purpose, just just because I I invert numbers. And I
P24: I
P24: It's hard for me to
P24: to write anymore, because I leave words out, or I
P24: I'll write something
P24: gibberish down. It made sense when I wrote it down. But it does. That doesn't communicate anything.
P24: So I mean, I need. I would need somebody to do the basic functions that you would need to do.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha
Moderator: so to your knowledge, you're not enrolled in this program. And does she get a stipend from the Va.
P24: Not for a caregiver. She gets it for a spouse because I'm over.
P24: I think it's when you go over 30%. I mean. It's not much 50 bucks, I think, or 60, maybe.
Moderator: Gotcha.
Moderator: Okay, well, this is off topic sort of, but you may want to try applying for this. If you haven't before, just talk to your wife about it, because this program is the
Moderator: is where you would apply for the caregiver to get benefits like a stipend
Moderator: and they qualify. I'm not sure there's pretty complex eligibility, criteria
Moderator: but in the zoom chat I sent you the link to the actual like live form. If you want to apply with your wife.
P24: Okay.
Moderator: I'll also have pair G, and email that to you. After the session, that is the company that sent you the invite for this session.
Moderator: So going back to the form.
Moderator: I'm just gonna keep going through. Let me know any reactions that you are having about it.
P24: I like, drop down windows. Yeah.
P24: excuse me.
Moderator: How would you feel about putting your wife your wife's social security number, in in the form.
P24: Well, it'd be almost necessary, wouldn't it? I think that I think
P24: what that
P24: I assume. What? That's some kind of means to us. You know what kind of
P24: I'm off the means test now. But I when I 1st got my benefits.
P24: I had to submit. You know how much money it made where?
P24: I don't.
P24: I don't know why that would be necessary. I mean, if I would think he just proves it.
P24: I needed somebody and
P24: Number 2 that she was capable of filling that position.
P24: So you know I don't.
P24: I don't know what the
P24: good
P24: the Federal law or the laws are on. I assume that they've got this form. There's got to be some kind of criteria behind it. It's just that that's not clear to see what that criteria is.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. That's really helpful. So you would be comfortable putting her social security number in the form.
P24: To the Va. Yes.
Moderator: Okay? And would you need her to be like, how would you want to fill out this form? Would you want to fill it out with her. Would you want her to fill it out? Would you fill it out.
P24: Would.
P24: I hadn't thought about that. But
P24: are we?
P24: I would think she'd have to fill it out or part of it.
P24: just because.
P24: you know, somebody could fill this out and not even tell them. And all of a sudden, you know you're my caregiver.
P24: You know I didn't.
P24: Nobody consulted me on it, or got my consent. I mean there, there would have to be some kind of
P24: a consent, consent
P24: and do it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. That's helpful.
P24: Either by signing the signing a physical form or
P24: doing something something online. That
P24: ticket sign online.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I'm just kidding
Moderator: next.
Moderator: any thoughts about this one.
P24: Primary character really interesting.
P24: Yeah, you would need that
P24: if it's if it's not, you would need to address.
P24: If
P24: with with my wife, yes, would be here. But if somebody was care caregiver that was outside
P24: my home you'd have to have their address, I would think.
P24: You know mailing address. You may not
P24: need to
P24: physical address, but you need
P24: either way of contact them.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P24: For me. It might be one of the kids.
P24: I don't know.
P24: Secondary, just
P24: be exactly what it is. If
P24: Primary couldn't
P24: do those duties somebody was appointed to do those.
P24: or
P24: requested to do that.
Moderator: Okay. Have you heard of that term before.
P24: Secondary.
Moderator: Caregiver, secondary, caregiver.
P24: No.
P24: Okay.
Moderator: How do you think that the secondary role would differ in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P24: There you go.
P24: It sounds like they're gonna pay 2 people to do the same thing.
P24: That's what it sounds like.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: But
P24: Do you really think that's needed?
P24: I mean, if it changes.
P24: if it, if my wife can't do it, somebody else do it. Then I would resubmit.
P24: Why? Why would it need a secondary.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So if you were filling this out, would you not add a secondary caregiver.
P24: I probably wouldn't know.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gonna say no. Then.
Moderator: great. Just take a look through this page and let me know what your thoughts are.
P24: Well, it looks like if it was wasn't.
P24: If I didn't sign on this it would have to be somebody with power of attorney. By the looks of it.
P24: I think it was 3 of me.
Moderator: Okay, do you have someone who is a legal representative for you?
P24: Not at this time. No.
P24: okay. I mean, I have.
P24: You know I have.
P24: I have to pay for work and base in case I become incapacitated, but other than that, no.
Moderator: Okay. So what would you select here if you were filling out this form.
P24: I am the veteran and signing for myself
P24: I got a thing here on, says, learn more about the types of documents we can and can't accept.
P24: I would.
P24: oh, yeah.
P24: that would definitely have to be in there.
P24: you know, cause that could be the 1st question.
Moderator: Your 1st question would be, what type of documents can they accept.
P24: Yeah, well, you just
P24: yeah.
P24: You know power of attorney, or
P24: they have legal guardian here.
P24: Looks to me like everything. Yeah, you'd have to have that.
Moderator: Okay. So now, seeing this, would you still select? I'm a veteran signing for myself.
P24: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: gonna go forward
Moderator: alright. So just want you to tell me what you think about this page. What do you think it is asking, and what does it mean to you.
P24: I think what this is doing. This is, this is you're going in and look and see what you input it.
P24: When you hit the plus. It's just gonna
P24: expand the
P24: veterans information that you put in there.
P24: Then,
P24: when you collapse it.
P24: you can go to the next if you can.
P24: This this is a good thing.
P24: This is fine.
Moderator: Okay, what would you do if you saw you entered something by mistake?
P24: I I would hit the edit
P24: and then do the correction and save it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: did that work as you expected.
P24: But
P24: I guess I I wasn't really paying attention to what you were doing. But you if
P24: you edit it. And then, if it remembered it. Put it back in there. You can look at it again to see if the change was made.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: You got update page. So yeah.
Moderator: Okay. Thank you.
P24: See, see with the, with the, with the memory issues that I have.
P24: I would use that extensively. I probably would read it 2 or 3 times, just to make sure
P24: cause I
P24: I get like lapses or
P24: vert numbers, or.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I'm gonna keep going down the page.
P24: Everything seems to be fine there. Primary family curator is the applicant statement.
P24: Yeah, it almost says right here that they they would have to sign, anyway.
P24: pick a statement. They made a statement.
P24: Oh, well, that's fine.
P24: Okay.
Moderator: So if you were filling this out, would you want to do it yourself? Would you want your wife to be here? Would you want her to do it.
P24: I probably would do the form. And then, when I come to the review page, I would have her review it.
Moderator: Okay.
P24: It's probably what I would do.
P24: Gotcha. I don't need
P24: for the primary truth. I wouldn't.
P24: I wouldn't need her, but I I would think that the
P24: applicant, if it was for her.
P24: I mean, she would have to do that input.
P24: I mean.
P24: there isn't a lot there.
P24: just basically. So you can identify her.
Moderator: Any other feedback about this page.
P24: Occasion, this whole page, this whole link, is this on the app, or is this? This is my healthy, fat.
Moderator: This is is on va.gov.
Moderator: do you use that website at all?
P24: No.
P24: okay. I use. I use the app.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P24: And they're moving a lot to the app.
P24: It. It would be nice if
P24: what's always
P24: I didn't. I didn't start looking into any Va benefits until after I retired from my regular job.
P24: There's a lot of repetitiveness with
P24: different apps, different websites.
P24: and a lot of them blink
P24: to each other.
P24: I like. I like the app. I wish they would just move everything to that.
P24: Gotcha
P24: it
P24: these forms.
P24: The a lot of the the forms that I filled out. Once I got going with this I used I just want went on and did a search. And
P24: for the forms I needed, and
P24: use one of the websites there with a Pdf.
P24: so I could go in there and print in the information.
P24: okay.
P24: anything, anything that you do
P24: where you can preload information where something triggers and you can preload. It
P24: is a plus. That's
P24: it's saving a step.
P24: It's like the old dos you used to do like 6 steps. Well, now you do one.
Moderator: Yeah.
P24: wherever you can keep it. Simple, stupid.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: So I'm going to share the screen that would come up next. If we hit, submit application.
Moderator: So describe to me in your own words what this page is telling you happened, and what comes in the process.
P24: Okay. Tells me that the form went in
P24: submitted this form.
P24: It does not tell me where it went.
P24: It goes to the Wizard of Oz behind the curtain.
P24: You you giggle. But I'm telling you.
P24: yeah, that's a real. That's a real thing.
Moderator: Yeah, absolutely. That's really helpful.
P24: You can't talk to the person that can make the difference.
Moderator: Yeah.
P24: If I knew exactly where it went, or if you had
P24: number, if you got any other questions.
P24: and then if you call that number they'd be able to answer the question for you. Now
P24: refer to somebody.
Moderator: Bye.
Moderator: So what would you think would happen next? With your application.
P24: Well, it would be in. I would assume that somebody would be looking at it.
P24: There's no
P24: scroll back down there a little bit, could you?
P24: I realize it has to be investigated to make sure that that stuff's
P24: proper.
P24: But there's no
P24: When you're doing a project, you've got a project, and you're sitting there. And usually there's a target date to complete it.
P24: So
P24: you know, this would be.
P24: this will be research, and we'll get back to you in 2 weeks.
P24: or something like that. I and I know the Va. Hates to do that.
P24: But
P24: deadlines are important for some of this stuff.
P24: I'm going through it right now with appeal I've got.
P24: They're not.
P24: They're not setting up my C and P. Exam. And that's all they're waiting for.
P24: and I call in there, and oh, 2 weeks, 2 weeks, 2 weeks! My ass has been at 6 now.
P24: so excuse me.
P24: no, I.
Moderator: Percent.
P24: Well, it's not.
P24: The trouble is the person you're calling up. It's not. Their fault doesn't do any good to.
P24: Aggravate them because they can't do anything about it. They're only giving you information they got. But you can't get to the person that makes a difference.
Moderator: Tempt.
P24: Phyllis can. I've had him
P24: involved a couple times.
P24: They listen to a Senator.
Moderator: Sorry I missed that last part.
P24: I said. They listen to Tom Tillis. They listen to a senator.
Moderator: A senator.
P24: Yeah, I've had them
P24: I've had them involved with on the benefits side.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay.
P24: yeah, I see here, what do you do for applications denied, or whatever it's.
P24: I guess those are just questions being answered. This. This is fine right here.
P24: I mean, I probably would go through and read it. There's nothing here, really, that I would use, but.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I know you said you would like more information about how long this is gonna take. Is there anything else that you would like to see here.
P24: I don't think so. You've got submission information.
P24: confirmation number.
P24: See? They don't really give you
P24: Confirmation email. And then he will give you an email.
P24: It says you receive a confirmation email. But
P24: usually those are one way
P24: deal. If you could get a hold of somebody
P24: if you didn't
P24: give us your email address. We'll contact you by phone or mail.
P24: How do I contact you if you don't contact me?
P24: There is a number here. I guess
P24: I guess it's okay.
Moderator: Thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: I'm gonna stop sharing.
Moderator: Just have a couple of final questions, and then we're all done here. Sorry. I don't know why my video got
Moderator: blurry.
Moderator: Okay. So now that you've seen the form, what research would you want to do before applying and completing that form.
P24: Those dropdown bullets. You know. What's the criteria.
P24: you know? What do I need to do.
P24: It's happened to me before, while I'll file for something, and finally I'll get a hold of somebody later. Isn't anybody getting a hold of me, but I get a hold of them. Well, you need this over here.
P24: It's like this C. And P. Exam. I'm in this appeal.
P24: And they said, and they're they're gathering information. So I call in, they said, oh.
P24: we need to see A. P. Exam. Well.
P24: I can't set that up.
P24: So.
P24: you know.
P24: Do your job.
Moderator: Hmm.
P24: Of
P24: yeah, that I don't think it's a problem if you know the criteria and and know when it's got to be done, and
P24: just a a response, a reasonable time.
P24: yes or no, either way. Just a reasonable response.
P24: And if if it is a no, why not, you know, is there something I have to change, or something you didn't get.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Would you prefer to have help completing a form like this from an accredited representative like a Vso or someone else from the Va. Or would you want to do it yourself?
P24: You told me you wouldn't be offended by anything right.
Moderator: Absolutely not.
P24: I haven't seen a Vso.
P24: There's been worse there.
P24: They fill out forms, and they're in the same boat I am.
P24: When I
P24: when I
P24: I hired a lawyer.
P24: It started doing the forms that way.
P24: Things started moving because they
P24: know the legal process behind it. Most of the Vsos are just filling the
P24: filling the things out. I I don't know what the lawyers know that I don't, but.
P24: I get more action that way than I do with a
P24: on my own
P24: and the vsos a lot a lot of them, let's say, do this all the time.
P24: They just
P24: they're not valuable to me.
P24: I mean, I'm I'm not wasting my time with one.
Moderator: Gotcha. Thank you, that's helpful.
Moderator: What were your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in the form? Did you think it was too much, too little, or just enough.
P24: Oh.
P24: the amount of information is fine, because that's what you got on. There is kind of normal with everything else. The only thing that, I would add. So I could tell you if somebody's disabled.
P24: they're gonna have that
P24: the benefits number
P24: if you connect that benefits number to the person. A lot of that information will be filled right in for you. It'll just
P24: if you punch in that number, have it so boom! It just drops everything right in.
P24: and it'll be accurate, and you'll have the same information that
P24: the Va. Has. There's a benefits.
P24: see, there's something I had to learn to the health, the health side and the benefits side are 2 different animals entirely.
P24: and although the benefit site is supposed to be looking at your health medical records. They don't always.
P24: So you pretty much kind of go do the research yourself
P24: and give it to them.
P24: So
P24: just
P24: this right here is kind of an addition to benefits. I think it would.
P24: It would speed up. The process is all. If the window dumped down and everything was the same number.
P24: If that number goes in towards the beginning.
P24: and you have the backup information or so can do a search and just drop those windows down. You probably could. You probably could do that
P24: that form like 5 min if that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any additional information about who qualifies to be a primary or a secondary caregiver that you would have liked to see in this form.
P24: I guess I I guess so I mean
P24: I guess not, because the
P24: of course, I guess Caregiver could mean 2 different things to 2 different people.
P24: A caregiver to me is like an assistant. It's not like
P24: it's an assistance. It's not
P24: doing things for you.
Moderator: Hmm.
P24: You know.
P24: Alright.
P24: No, I guess
P24: that part was fine. I don't. I don't know why that you would need the need for a second caregiver that just
P24: you're filling out a form for caregiver
P24: boom. If there's a second person you fill out a form for the caregiver.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: Well, that was all the questions that I have for you, Charles. I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable? If we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va partners removing any identifying information.
P24: Yes.
Moderator: Is there any part of our discussion that you wouldn't want shared in a video clip.
P24: I'm 76. What do I care?
Moderator: Okay? Well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us. This will help us continue to improve the site and make sure it's really working for veterans and caregivers.
P24: Hold on a second, do you? Are any of the people involved in their work on the app at all?
Moderator: Not in this group. But if you have feedback I can certainly relay it to them.
P24: Okay.
P24: appointments.
P24: I have to use 2 different
P24: things to do with the
P24: the appointment. There's an appointment scheduled
P24: in the app.
P24: It will give you
P24: the doctor.
P24: but it doesn't tell you what it's for. It'll give you the time.
P24: but it doesn't give you the location or what it's for. When you go into my health. Event.
P24: he he!
P24: It dumps down all that information. Now
P24: I I love the app it is so much easier to use.
P24: but that the appointment end of it
P24: needs
P24: need some additional information dumped in there like the
P24: myself, like.
P24: If you go into my healthy vet and you go to the appointment thing. It'll tell you what it's for. Okay, this is cardiac.
P24: If this is primary care.
P24: this is where it is. This is the time it is. This is the date it is. And this is who you're gonna see.
P24: And the the app doesn't do that.
P24: So
P24: I like what they're doing with the app? Don't get me wrong. I I like. It's just not enough information for me, because I can't like over. I can't.
P24: When I go to the Va. I need to know what room I've I've got to go.
P24: And is it there? I've got to open up my healthy vet.
P24: It wouldn't look at it that way.
P24: So
P24: if
P24: they need to take the information, sign my healthy vet, which is great and just
P24: mirror it over on the app.
P24: I wouldn't think that'd be a huge deal.
P24: Maybe I'm not a
P24: I'm not a
P24: programmer, but
P24: they push information around all the time. I retired from time Warner cable, so I know they can
P24: do lots of things with information.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: alright. Thank you so much, Charles. I will give them that feedback. I know that they're working on that feature is like fairly new. And they're definitely
Moderator: still making improvements to it.
P24: Well, well, give him give him a pat on the back, because that is, it is good, and it'd be nice to do everything moved right there. Boom! You have one spot.
Moderator: Okay will do. Thank you so much, Charles, and I'm glad that it's useful to you for the most part.
P24: Okay, thank you. Thank you. It's nice talking with you.
Moderator: You, too, have a great rest of your day.
Moderator: Bye.